c:\users\andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\bin\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0.exe.config
c:\users\andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\bin\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0.exe
c:\users\andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\bin\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0.pdb
c:\users\andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\obj\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\obj\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1._0.frmLogin.resources
c:\users\andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\obj\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1._0.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\obj\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\obj\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0.exe
c:\users\andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\obj\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0.pdb
c:\users\andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\bin\Debug\CADAplicacionComercial.dll
c:\users\andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\bin\Debug\CADAplicacionComercial.pdb
c:\users\andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\obj\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1._0.frmPrincipal.resources
c:\users\andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\obj\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1._0.frmClientes.resources
C:\Users\Andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\obj\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1._0.frmProveedores.resources
C:\Users\Andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\obj\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1._0.frmBodega.resources
C:\Users\Andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\obj\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1._0.frnBusquedaProveedor.resources
C:\Users\Andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\obj\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1._0.frmProductos.resources
C:\Users\Andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\obj\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1._0.frmBarras.resources
C:\Users\Andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\obj\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1._0.frmParametrosBodega.resources
C:\Users\Andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\obj\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1._0.frmUsuarios.resources
C:\Users\Andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\obj\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1._0.frmCambioClave.resources
C:\Users\Andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\obj\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1._0.frmCambioUsuario.resources
C:\Users\Andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\obj\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1._0.frmCompras.resources
C:\Users\Andreu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1.0\obj\Debug\Aplicacion_Comercial_v1._0.frmBusquedaProducto.resources
